test_runner: support using `--inspect` with `--test` (#44520)
nodejs/node: doc/api/test.md

    fail after.
    If unspecified, subtests inherit this value from their parent.
    **Default:** `Infinity`.

>   * `inspectPort` {number|Function} Sets inspector port of test child process.

Author: I think that the cases where debugging things that only reproduce in a certain concurrency are common enough to ship this in a single phase

>     This can be a number, or a function that takes no arguments and returns a
>     number. By default each process gets its own port, incremented from the
>     primary's `process.debugPort`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This can be a number, or a function that takes no arguments and returns a
    number. If a nullish value is provided, each process gets its own port, incremented
    from the primary's `process.debugPort`. **Default:** `undefined`.
```
